Specificity:

Specificity is the order by which the browser decides which CSS styles will be displayed. A best practice in CSS is to style elements while using the lowest degree of specificity so that if an element needs a new style, it is easy to override.

IDs are the most specific selector, then classes and finally types

	¿Qué significa esto? 
	En CSS le podemos dar estilo a:
	  IDs: le pertenecen únicamente a UN SOLO elemento de nuestra página
	  Clases: son elementos similares que se pueden agrupar
	  Tipos: son conjuntos más grandes de elementos, los tipos pueden contener clases diferentes. 
	
	Por ejemplo, un tipo podría ser el tipo "título", luego, de los títulos podemos ramificar a, por ejemplo, títulos de imágenes o títulos de tablas que tengamos en nuestra página, y por  último un ID se le podría dar a un título de la imagen del elefante rosa. El estilo que tenga el título para la imagen del elefante rosa será único y muy específico. 

Si, por ejemplo, el atributo de un mismo elemento se define de manera diferente en su ID, en su clase y en su tipo, digamos, por ejemplo, el color del texto se define en las tres, el color que tendrá el texto en pantalla será el del ID, porque es el más específico, luego se mostraría el de la clase y al último el del tipo


por ejemplo, si quisiéramos darle a un elemento una ID, una clase y un ID tendríamos:

<h1 class="nombre_clase" id="nombre_id">Este es un elemento</h1>

En el archivo CSS los estilos dell tipo, la clase y el ID se definen de manera diferente:

	h1{
  		color:yellow;
	}

	.nombre_clase{
  		color:pink;
	}

	#nombre_id{
  		color:cornflowerblue;
	}


Review CSS elements

Throughout this lesson, you learned how to select HTML elements with CSS and apply styles to them. Let’s review what you learned:

CSS can select HTML elements by type, class, ID, and attribute.
All elements can be selected using the universal selector.
An element can have different states using the pseudo-class selector.
Multiple CSS classes can be applied to one HTML element.
Classes can be reusable, while IDs can only be used once.
IDs are more specific than classes, and classes are more specific than type. That means IDs will override any styles from a class, and classes will override any styles from a type selector.
Multiple 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
selectors
 can be chained together to select an element. This raises the specificity but can be necessary.
Nested elements can be selected by separating selectors with a space.
Multiple unrelated selectors can receive the same styles by separating the selector names with commas.
Great work this lesson. With this knowledge, you’ll be able to use CSS to change the look and feel of websites to make them look great!

Review CSS rules:

Review Visual Rules
The property defines the typeface of an element
font-size controls the size of text displayed.
font-weight defines how thin or thick text is displayed.
The text-align property places text in the left, right, or center of its parent container.
Text can have two different color attributes: color and background-color
color defines the color of the text, while background-color defines the color behind the text
CSS can make an element transparent with the 
Preview: Docs To measure of how transparent an element is.opacity property.
CSS can also set the background of an element to an image with the background-image property.
The !important flag will override any style, however it should almost never be used, as it is extremely difficult to override.

Review
1 min
In this lesson, we covered the four properties of the box model: height and 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
width
, 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
padding
, 
Preview: Docs Defines decorative lines around HTML elements to create visual separation and emphasis.
borders
, and 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
margins
. Understanding the 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
box model
 is an important step towards learning more advanced HTML and CSS topics. Let’s take a minute to review what you learned:

The box model comprises a set of properties used to create space around and between HTML elements.
The height and width of a content area can be set in pixels or percentages.
Borders surround the content area and padding of an element. The color, style, and thickness of a 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
border
 can be set with CSS properties.
Padding is the space between the content area and the border. It can be set in pixels or percent.
Margin is the amount of spacing outside of an element’s border.
Horizontal margins add, so the total space between the borders of adjacent elements is equal to the sum of the right 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
margin
 of one element and the left margin of the adjacent element.
Vertical margins collapse, so the space between vertically adjacent elements is equal to the larger margin.
margin: 0 auto horizontally centers an element inside of its parent content area, if it has a width.
The 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
overflow
 property can be set to 
Preview: Docs Loading link description
display
, hidden, or scroll, and dictates how HTML will render content that overflows its parent’s content area.
The visibility property can hide or show elements.
Instructions
Make some adjustments to the code in the code editor. See if you can improve the appearance of the page by changing the following properties:

width
height
padding
border
margin
overflow






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


